# Toolchain

The Oblique Toolchain is a unified Angular schematic and tooling library designed to streamline configuration
and enforce development standards across multiple projects.

It provides automated setup and shared configurations for linting, testing, formatting, and build-time utilities,
ensuring every project follows the same quality and style conventions with minimal manual setup.

See [README.md](../../README.md) for information about the other packages and projects in the Oblique ecosystem.

## Documentation

The official Oblique documentation, including the Toolchain, is located here: <https://oblique.bit.admin.ch/>

It includes information about the entire ecosystem, usage instructions, code samples, FAQs, and more.

## Getting Started

### New Projects

The recommended way to install `@oblique/toolchain` is through Oblique's CLI.

```
npx @oblique/cli@latest new <projectName>
```

This command creates a new project with all necessary dependencies and configurations.

### Existing Projects

Add the Toolchain to your project with:

```
npx @angular/cli@latest add @oblique/toolchain
```

## Content

This package includes:

- An ESLint plugin that provides default rules for `eslint`, `@typescript-eslint` and `@angular-eslint`
- An **ng-add** Schematics that integrates `@oblique/toolchain` into an existing project

### ng-add

Running `ng add @oblique/toolchain` will:

- add `@oblique/toolchain` as a dev dependency
- add a `browserlistrc` file to ensure compatibility with supported browsers

## Tips & Best Practices

- Install the Toolchain through the CLI.
- Use the EsLint plugin with as little deviations as possible - ideally, none.
- Don't modify files generated by Oblique

## Contributing

We welcome contributions from federal teams and the open-source community.
Please refer to our [contributing guidelines](../../CONTRIBUTING.md) while contributing to the Oblique ecosystem.

## License

Copyright (c) The Swiss Confederation, represented by the Federal Office of Information Technology, Systems and Telecommunication (FOITT).

Licensed under the [MIT](../../LICENSE) license.
